[MM-62887] Update docs for removed command line export cmds (#7728)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/command-line-tools.rst

  Commands for exporting data for compliance and for merging multiple Mattermost instances.

Child Commands

>   -  `mattermost export actiance`_ - Deprecated as of MM v10.5. Use `mattermost export schedule`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  `mattermost export actiance`_ - Deprecated from Mattermost v10.5 in favor of `mattermost export schedule`_.
```

>   -  `mattermost export csv`_ - Deprecated as of MM v10.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  `mattermost export csv`_ - Deprecated from Mattermost v10.5.
```

>   -  `mattermost export global-relay-zip`_ - Deprecated as of MM v10.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  `mattermost export global-relay-zip`_ - Deprecated from Mattermost v10.5.
```
